Actualizo docs para usar siempre domain faker (#998)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/web-tokenize-checkout/customers-and-cards.pt.md

>
> Pré-requisitos
>

> > * Ter implementada a [captura de dados de cartão](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/pt/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/receiving-payment-by-card#capturar-datos-de-tarjeta).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Ter implementada a [captura de dados de cartão](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/pt/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/receiving-payment-by-card#capture_os_dados_de_cart_o).
```
